All right, boys. Welcome back to
Ultimate Chicken Horse Moded Edition.
It's going to be a thaw. You know how
this game works. You just got to make it
all the way up to this goal over here
while being in a new Does the crane
move? I think the crane actually moves.
Look, there's little tracks on the top.
Is that That's cheating. No, it's not.
It's not cheating. You're cheating.
You're stupid. Sorry. I never cheat. I'm
putting a fan right next to go that way.
Why would you? I'm going to be the first
one. I'm going to be the first one up
there. I'm going to be the first one.
I'm going to be the first one. I'm going
to be the first one. I'm going to get
all the points. You could do Wait, who
went up the left side of the wall? Wait,
cheating. Dome, you are correct. Well,
no one's going to get points. Did you
die? Oh, that I thought that was a fan.
Wait, how' you make You're an idiot. Uh,
drum. Um, hey, Jerry. I'm an idiot.
Wait, I have an idea. I didn't realize
the flag moved with Oh, wait. I go this
way, though. Hey, you died to my
propeller. No, wait. Wait. No way.
First, baby. Let's go, Jerry. That's my
drone. Killed me. I'm so mad. Oh my
gosh. I got a trap for that. That's
insane. What an insane ending to my
life. Oh gosh. Don't be that. Don't be
like that. It's fine. All right. We got
to We got to make this impossible. All
right. We got to make this impossible
off the rip. That's my favorite part of
this game. Making it impossible. Yeah.
Oh gosh. You Who put that there? Who put
that there? You're a monster. You're a
monster. You're a monster. I died
instantly. Why? Z's really bad at this.
Oh, that was Jerome who did that. That
was Jerome who did that. Who did this?
Oh, you blocked it. Monsters. That can't
go over there. I just want to know. I
don't even think it's possible anymore,
dude. Well, boys, it was nice knowing
you. Wait, I have an idea. I'll be back.
Thanks, Sig. I have an idea. Wait, wait.
No, you're not going to get pulled. I
have's idea. I'll be right back. No, no,
it's my idea. Wait, my idea. Can you
guys stop sweating? Can you guys stop
sweating? No. I think I see what you're
trying to do. I don't think you can do
that. Why don't you shut up, Drummond?
All right. Huh? Fine. Fine. You know
what, Biff? Oh gosh. Oh, he died. Oh,
don't hit the Oh, my man. Wait, did I
give points points for all those? How
are we dying? Only if someone wins. Ah,
no points, no wieners. All right, Dr.
Stupid. Hey, can you do that again? Oh,
coin. Oh, coin. Piece of candy. Piece of
candy. Is that cheese or glue? It's
honey. Oh, it's honey. Oh, all right.
Honey Bunny. Oh, you love that. Why are
we making this so hard? Huh? We would
never. Drum, stop trying to put the coin
in the claw machine. I'm just trying to
Doesn't work that way. You give Derome
money one time. It is cool that the claw
moves like left, right, right to left.
You know, just like me a pain. Oh my
gosh. I mean, it's still not possible.
No, it is. It's still just impossible.
Why do I keep dying? Said you have to
pay so bad. I can keep punching him off
the start. Oh, you have to press the
button. I don't play this game. Don't
worry. I got the coin, boys. Easy. Easy
peasy. Yeah, but you can't win. Why
don't you shut your mouth? I can win. I
can win if I want to. You look
ridiculous with that. Everybody was
silent,
dude. Why did Why? Come on, claw
machine. Come back. Come back, please.
You like what I saw. Come back to me. I
saw it. I missed. Come on, claw. Come
on. I'm waiting. Why is he just looking
up? Waiting to. Hello. Just convinced.
Oh my gosh. I could I don't think this
is possible. I just don't think it's
possible. It's not possible. That's what
I've been saying. I don't just don't
think it's possible, Drum. I think
you're right. Over you. You never listen
to me when I'm congested. Yeah. Oh,
wait. Why do you sound like that? How do
I congested? I'm just getting over a
cold. I'm not giving up. I'm giving up.
I'm giving I'm giving up.
Why is this so impossible? Oh, drone got
me sick. Drone,
stop kissing my boy. Another coin. A
bomb. Great. Now we're going to make you
fix what he tries to blow up. Yep. Oh,
you're going to right there. No. Stop.
Stop. Stop. Listen. Listen. Listen.
Linda, listen.
Boys, listen. We could be nice to each
other on the day of today. No. Watch
this. I'm going to spawn in in time and
then I'm going to punch him again. You
ready? This time I made a punching bag
into a punching bag. Huzzah! I almost
punched you, Jerome. I almost punched
you. Not the double punch, brothers.
Double punch, brother. This game is
tearing us apart. We need to live. Let's
work together. Take the coin. Yeah. I
don't know why you guys are so bad at
this.
Yeah, it's mostly just cig and coin.
Yeah, even if we all win, I still get
points. No, I do cuz I got a coin. Do
you actually with a coin? Oh yes sir. Oh
gosh. Yes sir. Why did you know that?
Why do you suddenly win? I know
everything about this game. This game
came out in 2014. That's it. I'm
blocking this again. That was when you
were peeking, dude. What kind of messed
up? That's 2020. What do you mean? Oh, I
meant peak attractive. Nah, let's be
real. We all peaked in the same crap,
but then sigils won't let us do the
next.
Who put an arrow? Uh, Zud, I watched him
do it. I did not do that. I didn't. Are
you kidding? That hits me there. died.
That actually hit me there. That's buns,
kid. I'm going to drink out of my water.
I'm just getting stabbed. What are you,
dude? Do you guys see Jerome right now?
Going ultimate sweat mode. What? What
about me? Oh, I don't see you. I saw
Jerome win. He got first. Dude, you got
to make it. You got to make it. You got
to make it. I'm going to make it. Come
on. You got to make it. I'm going to
make it. Look at me getting points,
boys. Wow. Oh, Drum's about to win.
Drum's going to win. We got to stop him.
We got points. He was stopping nothing.
Make it. Why did I get no points? No one
knows. Take a hit. I don't know why you
didn't get points. Why? Why would I know
why you got points when I didn't get
points? Did you make it so second place
doesn't get points, people? I That's
normal. What? I don't I didn't change
anything. I didn't change anything to be
honest. Guys, I did something mean.
What' you do? What' you do? Oh, no. Just
don't look at it, Dr. I don't think we
can make it this cuz I made it
impossible. Yeah, Biff, everything you
do makes it impossible. Biffle, why?
It's impossible to I'm noticing a trend
with Biffle. Oh, a trend with me, huh?
Huh? Look at me. Look at me. Working
with this clown for 10 years. Everything
he does is impossible. No. Stop, guys.
Please. Please be nice to me. No. I'm
mad at you. Okay, fine. See you. I'm
going to go make it work. I I could do
this. I got this. Can you? No. I don't
think there's no way you're going to
make this work. I'm going to roast
myself. My saw killed him. I saw that.
You can do this. Now for a quick tight
five. I bet you guys are wondering
what's the deal with airplane food. No,
we're wondering what the deal with
Insanecraft season 2 is to just let it
Oh, he died.
He'd rather die than talk about
Insanecraft 2. All right, that makes
sense. Apparently. All right, settles. I
see you. I see you. I hear you. You
guys, cuz they actually think it is me.
Is it I? It is you. No, you told me it
was you. Yeah, well, I lie to you every
day, Jerome. Oh my gosh. Hey. Yeah. Blow
those up, son. You've been dying every
time. Don't you dare blow those up right
now. Glove right here. It keeps hurting.
Wait. S
Look, it's like Look. You ready? So now
if you hit that one, it hits that one
that hits that one. I like that. Let's
do that. Let's do it. Let's do it.
Do this. I am sad. Oh my gosh. This is
bad. Hate fun. How is that fun? How did
sigils die? Why did I get die? How did
die, bro? I didn't know I was going to
keep going. Now I have to watch Jerome
and Z be stupid heads. And Oh, how did
that How did that arrow not arrow you?
You pushed my body, dude. Yeah, I saw
that. Jerome, this is I might have the
way up. I think I think I got a plan. I
think Watch out. Here I come. I want you
to know that I put that box there.
That's my box. That is my box. But
you're a good man. What do you mean the
way up? Jerome, are you Oh, I see. Wait,
you can just go that way up. Yeah. Why
are you over here? I did it. Okay. Well,
awesome. Jerome is like, "Guys, I think
I see the way there." Yeah. Yeah. He was
not paying attention. And that's fine.
Watch. Now he's not going to get points
cuz Bip messed up a setting. I didn't
mess up anything. I just put on default
like Drum told me to beforehand. Drum.
Yeah, we should kill Drum. Here we go.
Down. We need to kill Drum. Oh, black
hole. Black hole sun there. Why? Oh my
gosh. Okay, now this is impossible. So,
just blow up the thing on the top right.
We can't let drum win. We need more
mals. Sigil, you're an animal. Not that
I'm actually having fun. Well, it killed
me last round. And now I'm mad.
I got caught in between them.
Hey guys, what's wrong? I'm scared as
you should be. Pooky dookie. Okay. Well,
oh, there goes. All right. Well, this is
god. Okay, I can do this. Show us what
you're made of. Panda boy, look at me.
Look at me. Yeah. Now, watch him win.
Watch him n
That was short.
I got lit up. Oh my god. He's dead. Stop
shooting him, brother. Yeah. Jeez, calm
down, dude. Drum's about to win, though.
Hey, why is Dr. winning? I don't know.
Why is he winning black holes? Oh my
gosh. Now we're alone in this game.
Really? Jeez. Hey, we're not. It's
honey. Jeez. Why is there so many black
holes? Why is there so many?
If anyone can make it through that, it's
got to be me, right? It's got to be. All
right. Yeah, let's see it.
All right. So, and it's moving. It's
moving the arrow towards us. Oh, the
arrows go right. No, the ground. Don't
do it. Don't do it. I'm so scared. Z, go
to the left. I'll go to the right.
Ready? Three. You know what? All right.
3 2 1 go. Biff, if you had a If you put
the the cheese or who was that, Jerome,
if you put the cheese going the other
way, this actually would probably be
doable. Oh, that's a good point. Oh. Oh
my propeller. What did you Wait, what
did you just do? I propellered. I see
that little propeller. I jumped on that.
Yeah, propeller.
I almost had it if that stupid crossbow
wasn't there. All right, so just get rid
of the crossbow. Got it. You might be
stuck. Hey guys, I'm one turn. Three
turns. I thought it was going away,
baby. Bibble didn't set this up, right?
I No, I No, I said I was told to fault.
I was told to fault. I got to go place
for this coin. No, it's your fault.
Okay, I messed up my place. I messed up
my place, man. I'm buns. Um, who just
died? Oh, you think I missed out? Who
just got load up? I missed. I Oh my
gosh. That's it. I'm putting a stoplight
right there.
Nice try. So, how do we exactly do a
biffed like that but not die? I promise
I don't think it's okay. That was
honestly the water. That was actually
really sick. But go the other way. No,
but I just realized the fan grabbed the
black hole. Yeah, that's what I was
saying. If it was the other way, we
would be fine. Oh, if that wasn't there,
I think you might have had it. Hey, I
there's no way this is possible, right,
dude?
Who did this? We might need more black
holes. Yeah. Yeah, if we could just get
one or two more. Yeah, thank you. I
definitely think I need two turds. Who
did that? Oh, jeez. And uh Oh, glue. I
can grab this. Hear me out here. Move
the rest of the black holes with it.
Right. So, I got it. I got it. Right
here. So, I put this here. Uh my camera
right there. No, son. You missed. I
could only hit one of them, dude. This
is just straight toxicity. That's not
even possible. Toxicity.
Oh my god. Why am I grabbing them?
Because you missed. Oh, made it through.
And he's dead. Okay, listen. Can we blow
those up for the love of everything? I
died. Bye, son. Bye, Dud. Is it already
last turn? Are we going to have to do
another round just for funsies? Yeah.
No, man. You're going to upload a
12minute video. Dang right. I will.
What? What? Oh, finally bombs. Finally
bombs. Finally, we can bomb it. What is
this? Oh, okay. I'll build a building.
I'm going to make this really doable.
And Zud basically missed. That's not me.
Now your fate's in my hands. Do I make
it? That was bful, dude. No, no, no.
Done. Missed. That was biffle. Yeah. No,
no, no. I would never. That's it. I'm
drum. We see you down there. Drum, we
see you. Why would you place it there?
What? Why is that there? Why would you
do that? Oh, you're about to make it
impossible. No, please.
You're going to make it impossible.
Thank you, P. That's okay. Don't kill me
first.
Yeah, look. See, I didn't behind you.
Why are you doing that? No, I touched
the stupid. That's That's the end of
that. I can't really see. It's How are
you? Hey guys. Hey. Hey guys. I think I
think Jerome just destroyed us. Run it
back. Run it back. I forgot how annoying
it is to play him in this game, dude.
He's too sweaty. Why is he so sweaty?
This is the only game he's sweaty in.
It's literally the only one. It's a game
based on toxicity. I was born here. We
can see that. All right, boys. We're
back in it. Let's do it. Let's do it.
Let's do it. All right. Uh, what the
what the cat Minecraft? It's camp
Minecraft, guys. Help me. Help me. Come
on. Let's make it impossible off the
rip. Come on. I hate this place. No,
don't make it impossible. What? Come on.
Who's this? Drum. Come on. Over here.
Camp Minecraft. Over here. All right.
All right. Impossible. Rotate it. Yeah.
No, you're not.
Nice. This is supposed to be camp
Minecraft. That's the way we like to
play.
Oh my. Oh, you We're digging straight
down. Straight down. Never dig straight
down. And I yearn for the And I yearn
for the mind. And I and I was a boy.
Flint and steel. Flint and shield. We
did it. Hi, John.
This is doable. Watch.
It is doable. Wait, what the It doesn't
matter. Doable. Watch me. Yeah, it is.
Okay. Now watch him biff. Now watch him
na na.
We'll just double XB. M. So, you guys
decided to be just absolute rodents. I
see. Well, it seems like a good decision
since you're the only one who made it.
Yeah, that's actually a good point. You
should run into that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
just fall.
To give up. No, I don't want to give up.
To give up. I can't believe I made it
that far. No one gets a point. You're
stupid and ugly. I am handsome. And can
we make it? Still not doable. I'll make
it doable. Oh, that's the flamethrower.
Okay, I'll What did that do? Don't worry
about it. Don't worry about it. Zade,
should I build right here? Drum, I saw
that. No, you didn't. No, you didn't.
Dr. I saw you place a sh Don't say it.
Don't say it. Don't say it. No. No. Zod,
you ruined it. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Was for
sure dying this round. Yeah, Zod was
definitely dying to it. That's why I was
excited. That's why I checked it cuz I
got nervous. As you should. As I should,
bro.
Oh, Biff. How' you do this? You just go
up all the way. Oh, and Drum's going to
make it. And Drum's going to make it.
Nice. And drum's going to make no Why
not? Wait. Wait. I'm in. Are you
serious? Are you serious? How do you do
this part? You just jump. Oh, you just
get good at the game. Never know. If
hypothetically that was sigils, sprint.
That's not the part. Sigil, bro. That's
what I did. Sprint. Thanks, Pipple. Let
me in. Oh gosh. Why you dance? Why you
flossing? Sigils, you're not sprinting.
Thanks. I was actually right. What's the
flower do? I'm scared. Z. Let's just
make this almost impossible. What does
that guy do? I'm scared of that. Don't
worry about what he does. Don't worry
about what you No. side. Z side. Yes.
No. Maybe. Maybe. Wait. Here. We'll make
a small window. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
This is a yes. It makes a little harder
to lock it in.
Dr. You're actually just terrible. Who
put a crossbow there? At the game or at
the Oh, that's a kill. I deserve that. I
deserve that. Now I have to do this one.
Got shot in the butt. I mean, of all the
places to get shot, apparently that's
like one of the least worst. Really?
Least worse. Yeah. Happens a lot. Is
that true? Yeah. To get shot in the
butt. Yeah. You got a lot of your butt
shot with not sets. As far as getting
shot, I think you want to get shot in
the butt if you had to get shot. You say
I have a small butt. I didn't say you
had a small butt. And also I think
that's a two trap kill. I'm in the lead.
What is one? Biff. Biff has a dump truck
behind. Can't help it. Yeah, it beeps.
Dude, I take a lot of dumps. What? Yeah,
it makes sense. It doesn't. No, I I take
a lot of dumps. It makes my dump truck
bigger. Who puts these things here? Zud,
I've watched them put everything. Can
you stop watching me? It's a little
weird watching. Who jumped off my head?
Oh, sorry. I guess I'll just
unsubscribe, Zud. What? Like you were in
the first place. He said the un word,
dude. Oh, underwear. I love underwear.
What's the flower do? I'm scared of it.
Hug him. Uh, hug him. All right. I am
sweat and boys. Oh, he tried punching
me. I am sweat and boys. See, got
another dub. Got another dub. There it
is. There it is. Crouch. Z. You got
this. I believe in you.
Wait, how did that that went through you
on my screen?
All right, here we go. Unk, let's go.
You can't say that when Drum's literally
dead. Are you flossing?
He's literally flossing right now. He's
literally flo I floss for a living. Just
jump, dude. Shut up, dude. I'm nervous.
Oh my gosh. He's pooping a little bit
out of his Wait, wait, wait. How come
when you crouch it looks like you said?
Crouch like, "Oh, he dead.
He looks like you're scared." Hold B to
give up. Oh no. Oh no. How are you? What
is happening? Oh my god, he almost Wow,
you're built different. You did so much.
I'm sorry. Did Drum make it? No. Huh?
I'm sorry. Drum is not drum. You crushed
it in the beginning and Oh, black holes.
Why? You were saying, why are we this
make this way impossible? Don't you dare
dr. Should I or Z? What? I'll do like
here. Put it a little bit to the left of
the starting area like where my black
hole is. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Oh, just so
you're like a little bit forced to like
just do all this shenanigans. No, no,
it's just more so that I can Dude, now
we're ready. I brought the black hole.
Sigils all time. Wait, how did sigils
make it through? You made it out. That's
That's the hardest part. You should be
able to do the rest of this. Jump now.
Now. How did you do it? What's your Why
just now? I hate you. I hate you. Why'd
you listen to him? I don't know. This
game's all about betrayal, dude. Let's
go. And you betrayed me on a beat. A
different game. Oh, my weapons. No. Who
took the bomb? That's mean.
Stop slapping my tummy. People drop me a
beat.
You like that? That was good, right? Not
really. That was really good. Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Uh you
blowing up. I'm just curious. Please
blow up the beginning area for the love
of everything. Oh no. Oh. Uh here. We'll
get rid of that. Where you blowing up?
Right there. The crossbow. That's what
you ch That's it. Why would you do that?
I can't I can't I killed I killed sigils
on accident cuz I was trying to get
through the black hole.
Was busy being Oh, hey.
Jones just cracked. Dude, are you
serious? Dr. Go to sleep.
Read Sigil's book. Don't play this game
anymore. Dr. Derome has like never known
the love of a woman. Clearly, anyone
that can wipe the sweat off my unrelated
unrelated. Oh gosh. Wait. And now wait,
but my ultimate contraption. I put glue
at the bottom of their last round.
This round
I blew up. Okay, so where did he go to
do that? Okay, so I just blocked this
off like that. Damn it. I die instantly
cuz those black holes. Wait, there's a
crossbow shooting down now. Oh my gosh,
it is. Do you like it? You're a monster.
Drum's making it again. Drum's making.
Yeah, once you get in there, you can't
get out. That sucks. Drone. Drone, chill
for two seconds. Don't Don't go to the
end yet. Yeah, don't go to the end.
Wait, I'm sorry. I can't hear you. I can
hear you. Anyone
I don't I don't That's Wait, hold on.
How are they How are they? Watch this.
Okay, then you're getting shot. See, I'm
just fifth out because comedy comes in
threes and now he has to do a third
round. No, I'm not doing a third round.
I'd rather I'd rather go play Minecraft.
Oh, we're good. You don't want to play
camp Minecraft. Don't lie. I love
Minecraft. Do you guys like my cute
character? Isn't he so cute? He's so
cute. He's so cute. I want to give you a
little belly rub. Push me in. What? I'm
Are you kidding me?
Drum's going to win again. Oh my god.
Drum's going to win again. And I hate
him. Of course he is. I need to get rid
of coin. Oh, metal. Just block off every
How did he even get up there? What is he
doing? I don't know. I think he goes to
the right like through the thing. Can we
get rid of that black hole for the love
of everything? No. No, we didn't get rid
of that. Don't you Wait, if you put that
there, that might make it impossible,
actually. Okay, down. Oh my god.
Oh my gosh. Jerome, what? That's not how
physics works. Jerome, what are you
talking about? I love physics. I don't I
hate That's literally how physics works.
No, no, it's not. I have a doctorate and
that was nonsense. And And then the
fireball. The fire tennis ball. Drum
wins. Drum, if you make it, dude. This
is so tough. If you make it through
this, the video's over. Okay. I'm gonna
be so angry. I'm gonna be so what? I hit
him. Are you cheating? Do you have
hacks? Drum. You're going to make me
rage quit audience retention in longer
videos. Sorry.
I'm going to I'm rage quitting. I'm I'm
done. I'm done playing Ultimate Chicken
Horses with Derome. I never want to play
this game. Guys, it was real close. No,
it wasn't. Jerome, you play this game
too much. Invite him. I don't like you
anymore. Hit the like button. Hit the
subscribe button. Derome is an actual
sweat. Leave that down in the comments
below if he's a sweaty sweaty